README.md, before:

# Hardhat Boilerplate

This repository contains a sample project that you can use as the starting point
for your Ethereum project. It's also a great fit for learning the basics of
smart contract development.

This project is intended to be used with the
[Hardhat Beginners Tutorial](https://hardhat.org/tutorial), but you should be
able to follow it by yourself by reading the README and exploring its
`contracts`, `tests`, `scripts` and `frontend` directories.

## Quick start

The first things you need to do are cloning this repository and installing its
dependencies:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/dohaki/auto-artist
cd auto-artist
npm install
```

Once installed, let's run Hardhat's testing network:

```sh
npx hardhat node
```

Then, on a new terminal, go to the repository's root folder and run this to
deploy your contract:

```sh
npm run deploy:local
```

Finally, we can run the frontend with:

```sh
cd frontend
npm install
npm start
```

Open [http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/) to see your Dapp. You will
need to have [Metamask](https://metamask.io) installed and listening to
`localhost 8545`.

## User Guide

You can find detailed instructions on using this repository and many tips in [its documentation](https://hardhat.org/tutorial).

- [Writing and compiling contracts](https://hardhat.org/tutorial/writing-and-compiling-contracts/)
- [Setting up the environment](https://hardhat.org/tutorial/setting-up-the-environment/)
- [Testing Contracts](https://hardhat.org/tutorial/testing-contracts/)
- [Setting up Metamask](https://hardhat.org/tutorial/boilerplate-project#how-to-use-it)
- [Hardhat's full documentation](https://hardhat.org/docs/)

For a complete introduction to Hardhat, refer to [this guide](https://hardhat.org/getting-started/#overview).

## What's Included?

This repository uses our recommended hardhat setup, by using our [`@nomicfoundation/hardhat-toolbox`](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-runner/plugins/nomicfoundation-hardhat-toolbox). When you use this plugin, you'll be able to:

- Deploy and interact with your contracts using [ethers.js](https://docs.ethers.io/v5/) and the [`hardhat-ethers`](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-runner/plugins/nomiclabs-hardhat-ethers) plugin.
- Test your contracts with [Mocha](https://mochajs.org/), [Chai](https://chaijs.com/) and our own [Hardhat Chai Matchers](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-chai-matchers) plugin.
- Interact with Hardhat Network with our [Hardhat Network Helpers](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-network-helpers).
- Verify the source code of your contracts with the [hardhat-etherscan](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-runner/plugins/nomiclabs-hardhat-etherscan) plugin.
- Get metrics on the gas used by your contracts with the [hardhat-gas-reporter](https://github.com/cgewecke/hardhat-gas-reporter) plugin.
- Measure your tests coverage with [solidity-coverage](https://github.com/sc-forks/solidity-coverage).

This project also includes [a sample frontend/Dapp](./frontend), which uses [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Troubleshooting

- `Invalid nonce` errors: if you are seeing this error on the `npx hardhat node`
  console, try resetting your Metamask account. This will reset the account's
  transaction history and also the nonce. Open Metamask, click on your account
  followed by `Settings > Advanced > Reset Account`.

## Setting up your editor

[Hardhat for Visual Studio Code](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-vscode) is the official Hardhat extension that adds advanced support for Solidity to VSCode. If you use Visual Studio Code, give it a try!

## Getting help and updates

If you need help with this project, or with Hardhat in general, please read [this guide](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-runner/docs/guides/getting-help) to learn where and how to get it.

For the latest news about Hardhat, [follow us on Twitter](https://twitter.com/HardhatHQ), and don't forget to star [our GitHub repository](https://github.com/NomicFoundation/hardhat)!

**Happy _building_!**

Commit message:

docs: add instruction to mint an nft

README.md, after:

# Hardhat Boilerplate

This repository contains a sample project that you can use as the starting point
for your Ethereum project. It's also a great fit for learning the basics of
smart contract development.

This project is intended to be used with the
[Hardhat Beginners Tutorial](https://hardhat.org/tutorial), but you should be
able to follow it by yourself by reading the README and exploring its
`contracts`, `tests`, `scripts` and `frontend` directories.

## Quick start

The first things you need to do are cloning this repository and installing its
dependencies:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/dohaki/auto-artist
cd auto-artist
npm install
```

Once installed, let's run Hardhat's testing network:

```sh
npx hardhat node
```

Then, on a new terminal, go to the repository's root folder and run this to
deploy your contract:

```sh
npm run deploy:local
```

Also, you can mint an NFT by running the following:

```sh
npx hardhat mint --network localhost --creator 0xf39Fd6e51aad88F6F4ce6aB8827279cffFb92266 --cid QmbJaJGaJMJ4TqbTKKc3RiBXSLNaD57XsoKt5Q6mhwrVUF
```

Finally, we can run the frontend with:

```sh
cd frontend
npm install
npm start
```

Open [http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/) to see your Dapp. You will
need to have [Metamask](https://metamask.io) installed and listening to
`localhost 8545`.

## User Guide

You can find detailed instructions on using this repository and many tips in [its documentation](https://hardhat.org/tutorial).

- [Writing and compiling contracts](https://hardhat.org/tutorial/writing-and-compiling-contracts/)
- [Setting up the environment](https://hardhat.org/tutorial/setting-up-the-environment/)
- [Testing Contracts](https://hardhat.org/tutorial/testing-contracts/)
- [Setting up Metamask](https://hardhat.org/tutorial/boilerplate-project#how-to-use-it)
- [Hardhat's full documentation](https://hardhat.org/docs/)

For a complete introduction to Hardhat, refer to [this guide](https://hardhat.org/getting-started/#overview).

## What's Included?

This repository uses our recommended hardhat setup, by using our [`@nomicfoundation/hardhat-toolbox`](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-runner/plugins/nomicfoundation-hardhat-toolbox). When you use this plugin, you'll be able to:

- Deploy and interact with your contracts using [ethers.js](https://docs.ethers.io/v5/) and the [`hardhat-ethers`](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-runner/plugins/nomiclabs-hardhat-ethers) plugin.
- Test your contracts with [Mocha](https://mochajs.org/), [Chai](https://chaijs.com/) and our own [Hardhat Chai Matchers](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-chai-matchers) plugin.
- Interact with Hardhat Network with our [Hardhat Network Helpers](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-network-helpers).
- Verify the source code of your contracts with the [hardhat-etherscan](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-runner/plugins/nomiclabs-hardhat-etherscan) plugin.
- Get metrics on the gas used by your contracts with the [hardhat-gas-reporter](https://github.com/cgewecke/hardhat-gas-reporter) plugin.
- Measure your tests coverage with [solidity-coverage](https://github.com/sc-forks/solidity-coverage).

This project also includes [a sample frontend/Dapp](./frontend), which uses [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Troubleshooting

- `Invalid nonce` errors: if you are seeing this error on the `npx hardhat node`
  console, try resetting your Metamask account. This will reset the account's
  transaction history and also the nonce. Open Metamask, click on your account
  followed by `Settings > Advanced > Reset Account`.

## Setting up your editor

[Hardhat for Visual Studio Code](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-vscode) is the official Hardhat extension that adds advanced support for Solidity to VSCode. If you use Visual Studio Code, give it a try!

## Getting help and updates

If you need help with this project, or with Hardhat in general, please read [this guide](https://hardhat.org/hardhat-runner/docs/guides/getting-help) to learn where and how to get it.

For the latest news about Hardhat, [follow us on Twitter](https://twitter.com/HardhatHQ), and don't forget to star [our GitHub repository](https://github.com/NomicFoundation/hardhat)!

**Happy _building_!**
